hey guys it's Kayla here have a knife
review for you guys today on the SS
Ranger this is a browse blades design so
it's designed by Jason brows now this is
one of three in the silent soldier
family so you have the SS v1 the SS v2
and then of course you have the SS
Ranger now all three are excellent EDC
knives they're all very lightweight
extremely comfortable and I absolutely
love all three of these I can't really
say that I have a favorite maybe if
we're talking look wise I guess I'd have
to say that the Ranger is my favorite I
love the bowie style I love the overall
look and design of this Knight and it's
actually a little bit larger and longer
than the SS v1 and v2 as you guys can
see and honestly that little bit of
extra length really does make a
difference so I can only imagine how
many that's what she said jokes I'm
gonna get after saying that oh man
anyways so just as you guys can see
really quick in comparison to the SS v1
also that's great
alright anyways umm the finger holes are
a little bit larger than the Ranger as
well so it just fills up the hand a
little bit nicer it's a little bit more
comfortable but I really do I love all
three of them they each serve a
different purpose and the design is you
know really different on each of them so
you can get this in the satin version in
the stone wash version and also with the
blacks Erico
I personally out of all three of those I
absolutely love the blacks Eriko I love
a moment neck knives I don't really I
don't really like them on my fixed
blades just because I use my fixed
blades a lot more tends to wear off a
lot faster but on your neck knives I
absolutely love them I think it looks
amazing it looks really really nice and
sharp
so that's what my personal preference I
mean it's whatever you guys prefer but
you do have those options so there are a
couple of things about the Ranger that
I'm not too crazy about I wish that he
had done some jimping on the spine here
because as you guys can see on the SS v1
and v2 he did some really nice
aggressive jumping on there so I wish
that he had done that on this
unfortunately he's in it but you guys
know how weird I am about my jumping on
my knives anyways I love jumping on my
knives so I also wish that the other
that he would have done is the finger
guard I love that he did the finger
guards on the SS v1 and v2 like this I
wish that he had done that on the Ranger
because as you guys can see as of right
now there's really not you know much of
the finger guard there so I would just
be worried that when you're going to cut
stab slice whatever that you would you
know accidentally slide your finger
forward and cut yourself but other than
that I mean this really is an amazing
knife I know that Jason actually did
make a newer version of this with those
improvements so I'm not sure I'm not
100% and I don't want you to quote me on
this but I think he is going to be doing
a production with the jimping and the
finger guard but like I said I'm not
100% sure so I guess that's something
that you'll have to ask Jason if and
when he's going to be doing that so I
know for a fact like I said though that
he actually did make a couple like that
because I saw them was working in his
booth a blade show so and it really does
make a huge difference just that a
little bit of jumping in the finger
guard it makes a huge difference so I
hope he is going to be doing a
production of that because I really like
it and I'd like to pick one up so
anyways alright so let's go over some
specs so the blade length is 2.5 inches
the overall length is 5.25 inches the
cutting edge is 2.75 inches the
thickness is 0.18 inches or 3/16 of an
inch thick I have all these memorized I
can rattle off all of the knick knacks
specs because I had to repeat it so many
times while I was working as booth at
blade show so I repeated myself a
million times and so it's never it's
stuck in my head it's not going to go
away anyways the weight on this is three
ounces in the sheath it is 4 ounces so
this comes with a nice Kydex sheath they
actually all come with a nice kind of
sheath and it comes with a nice belt
clip as well so you can attach it to
your belt and it also comes with a nice
long ball chain now the steel is d2 and
if you guys know Jason you guys know
that he's very fond of d2 steel he uses
it on pretty much all of his knives I
really liked you too I think that it I
think that it's pretty easy to sharpen
I've never had
issues with it I know a lot of people
complain and say it's harder to sharpen
the most deals but I personally I
haven't had any issues I think it holds
an edge very well so that's just my
experience with it I don't know maybe
you guys have had a different experience
with it and if you have please share
that with me but um let's see what else
I think that it's pretty much it has a V
grind and like I said this is obviously
the seven version I think that's pretty
much of respects though the one thing
that I absolutely love about all three
of these knives are the two finger holes
there's so many different ways that you
can hold this my personal favorite is
putting my first finger through this
hole and then packing the rest into my
fist so I get a really nice secure
comfortable grip but like I said there's
so many different ways you can hold it I
think Jason offers like seven to ten
different ways that you can hold it so
there's a lot of different options but
anyways that's pretty much it I think I
went over everything if you guys want to
go over and pick one up you can go to
WWE my over and check out his website
Tom that Kayla sent you and I guess
that's pretty much it so thanks for
watching guys and I will see you guys
soon all right take care